feat(changelog): messaging-and-queuing-added-sns-subscriptions-creation- 2024-02-22 (#2784)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2024/2024-02-22-messaging-and-queuing-added-sns-subscriptions-creation-.mdx

---

> title: SNS Subscriptions creation available in the Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: SNS Subscriptions creation available in the console
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #messaging-queuing channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-02-22
category: serverless
product: messaging-and-queuing
---

> You can now manage your SNS subscriptions directly in the Console. You can subscribe to HTTP/S endpoints and Serverless Compute resources (Functions & Containers). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now manage your SNS subscriptions [directly in the console](https://console.scaleway.com/messaging/protocols/). You can subscribe to HTTP/S endpoints and Serverless Compute resources (Functions & Containers). 
```

> You can now manage your SNS subscriptions [directly in the console](https://console.scaleway.com/messaging/protocols/). You can subscribe to HTTP/S endpoints and Serverless Compute resources (Functions & Containers). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now manage your SNS subscriptions [directly from the Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/messaging/protocols/). You can subscribe to HTTP/S endpoints and Serverless Compute resources (Functions & Containers). 
```

> For more information, you can refer to our documentation https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-subscriptions/ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, you can refer to our documentation [How to create and manage SNS subscriptions](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-subscriptions/).
```

> For more information, you can refer to our documentation [How to create and manage SNS subscriptions](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-subscriptions/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can refer to our documentation to find out [how to create and manage SNS subscriptions](/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-subscriptions/).
```
